He doted on phishing, that viral, newfangled
invasion, though most of his handshakes got tangled.
He fumbled his Trojans, cunningly dangled
in front of my mouse so that I would be wangled
to click on the bait. My nerve ends were jangled. 

And next came the item that put me in shock.
He wrote an apology titled, “Dot Doc.”
I needed a password with which to unlock
those few paltry bytes. They were all poppycock.

I guess I went into a meltdown, it’s true.
I said, “Keep your floppy and upload it, too,
but as for as this notional marriage, we’re through.” 
   
I wouldn’t have minded so much, I suppose,
but he gave me an Apple instead of a rose.

I went to my room and I cried for a week.

Do I wish him well? No. I hope he is strangled.
Are you ready to guess who he is? Knock, Knock.
Who’s there? Sad to say, my ex-husband is Who,
the cyberpunk man I unwittingly chose.
Instead of a lover, I married a geek.
If I were rich, which is a crime
I could do anything I wished
Claim my rights and entitlements as “affluenza”
But I’m an ordinary cyberpunk 
A regular yellow kind of guy
An emoticon with an attitude
Manscaping, sliding through life with a close shave
Cantankerous and bodacious all the time
In chillax style, riding the daily yellow bus
Dragging my portmanteaus box inside
And my delishful gal with me there
Clad in fashionable plarn 
Irregardless of everything else
We rise above the sights and flee
Above the ancient vomitocious towns
And meld into each other’s grue calm eyes
Canoodling all the while
Smog passes with the night
Snark comments distract us
An anacronym word or two slips out
But we don’t care
We’re off to spend the affluenza check
Just to prove we can
Cyberpunk melodies from a broken shell.
Fishing a crooked coin from the wishing well.
Slanted rooftops slash and burn.
How the trapezoid takes its turn.

Scaling heights beyond the skies.
Some are dark most are lies.
Miscalculation to the Nth degree.
All we really want will never be free.

Reality melds with fiction.
When it suffers from inproper diction.
The glass stained with blood and light.
Is it wrong because it's right?

We categorise our lack of society
With a gross abundance of impiety.
Never ill always well.
Cyberpunk melodies from a broken shell.
yesterday's science

fiction is today's science 

non-fiction fiction
Robot President?
Efficient... Unbiased... Smart
No Texts... No Twitters...

I can carry on with a vivid imagination, 
thinking about the future’s upcoming creation.
Technological advances and satellites,
travelling to the moon at the speed of light. 
What scientific and mind-blowing innovations.

Will we find life on other planets in space?
Will earth cease to exist without a trace?
We could find the world’s wonderful answers, 
or even find a cure on Mars for all kinds of cancer. 
Scientist’s conclusions with inventions in place.  

There are many themes of science fiction, 
many people are astounded with contradiction.
Government cover-ups regarding extraterrestrials,
trying to make sense of all things celestial.
Are there any boundaries without conviction?

Machines created to go forward in time, 
or travel into the past to prevent a crime. 
Stories about how society is always affected
in a phenomenon that’s scientifically projected. 
Influence of real or imagined science in prime. 

The human being species based on evolution, 
examination of natural events causing a revolution. 
Philosophy and societal shifts for the ontological, 
understanding how we know things of cosmological.
Will there ever be absolution in a confined solution?

There’s exploration through experimental conclusions,
revealing disbelief and causing chaotic allusion.
We find alternate points of view on topics we share,
giving us more clear perspectives of when and where. 
A community of big thinkers through possible delusion. 

Science fiction compels us to think with originality, 
using imagery and factual evidence through ingenuity.
What hypothesis led us to ever believe in evolution? If humans evolved from a lower form, why did we stop? Is there a process that will propel us
to our destiny, or have we reached it already? Is it really science, or does it better qualify as fiction? I'm trying very hard with this topic but seem to be moving in slow motion. There are things going on in our world that my father would not have imagined. He did not believe in evolution, but perhaps he could have imagined a driverless car. I think if he had a glimpse of artificial intelligence, he would still have preferred his own. Honestly, outside of my Biblical World View, I am one lost turkey. Anyway, I'm not a scientist and might be merely of average intelligence. I'm not a scientist, but I understand gravity, motion, space, and time.  If I jump off a building and fall straight down, that is not fiction but fact. If Superman(fiction) doesn't come to my rescue, I'll become 'one-with-the-pavement'(fact). After landing, if I'm not dead or experiencing broken body parts, believe me, that is pure fiction. If I step from a fast moving vehicle and keep in step as before, that's fiction, not fact. Not to worry, I'm not and niether should you try that stunt at home or anywhere else. What may be science fiction today, given process and time, might be true science tomorrow. If for no other reason,  science, as I see it, makes sense to me because it demands an origin, a process, and a destiny.   Sometimes, I understand fiction, especially when it is defined and presented as such.  But unlike science, fiction, as I see it,  has no absolutes and demands nothing.  Any way and on the contrary, my Biblical World View has both absolutes and clear cut demands, and it seems to be binding  me like glue.  Therefore, I'm sticking to it.
Chrome steeples
and asphalt highways.
Cities rife with technologies,
communications and capability.
Wracked by the electric disease.

Noise,
interfering signals.
Porcelain minds unfit for its
twisted entangling snare,
snaking through corroding sewers
and rusted tanglings of frayed
copper wires.

A neon wasteland,
hot and destitute,
inhabited by hedonism in
all its motley forms.
Genetically engineered foods,
Mind smearing chemicals,
Flashing screens bleeding minds,
breeding ignorance.
Desecrated psyches.
Massacre.

Built by humans,
For inhumans.
Some inventors and scientists, they have both said
That science fiction books put ideas in their head
A novel that was written by Arthur C Clarke
Gave Tim Berners Lee the necessary spark

The communicator in Star Trek that was fantasy
Martin Cooper of Motorola made it reality.
Beam me up Scotty, well that’s not here yet
Research is being done and they’ll crack it, you bet.

The news pads from the movie 2001
Now everyone has a tablet for online fun
Remember talking HAL, I’m sure you all do
Computer giants researched it and made it come true.

The movie Dick Tracy where they talk on their wrist
Now the smart watch is another to add to that list
Men dressed as robots in old movies you see
Now robots build cars, no longer fantasy.

Artificial intelligence now it can change your life
Any shape any colour, you can have one as your wife
But research and tech gadgets, are we moving too fast?
Mankind might become just a thing of the past.

Take for example a factory with two hundred men
Now all you need is a robot and a workforce of ten
But it’s not something new, just look at history
Job loss came with the intro of the Spinning Jenny.

Ray guns and flying saucers at area 51
They try to tell you that nothings going on
No need to panic it’s a research facility
Whilst making space age weapons for the military.

And films have inspired the creation of drones
Controlled very easily from an app on your phones
X-Ray drones are the ones that bother me
Wear a swimsuit in the shower because they will see

Robots that can think will outwit us one day
We’ll just be a nuisance and be put out of the way
Science fiction for many is just fantasy
But it inspires the great minds in creativity.
UFO's, science fiction!
UFO's, how old would the occupants be?
The nearest known planet
outside our solar system is
twenty-five  trillion miles away,
or four point three light year old!
Travelling at twenty thousand mph,
it would take, 
one hundred and thirty-seven  thousand years,
to get there, that makes occupied ufo's,
science fiction!
Unless you know different!
literature of
chage genre speculative
fiction called SCI-FI

concepts of futuristic
science ans technology
fiction called SCI-FI

samples of space travels
parallei universes
extraterrestrial life
I went off “English literature” at school,
The books were either grim or just plain boring.
Their worlds did not entice me, not at all -
They weren’t the worlds I longed to be exploring.

But there upon my father’s dusty shelf,
Were classics I could journey deep within,
Inside each musty page, transport myself -
Clarke and Aldiss, Asimov, Le Guin.

While Austen’s dullards simpered in their bonnets,
My heroes contemplated time and space.
A lightship through a wormhole? I’d be on it!
Escaping to some awe-inspiring place.

While Golding’s anti-heroes left me cheerless,
I thrilled to dive inside a robot’s soul,
Or teeter for a while, excited, fearless,
Upon the threshold of a huge black hole.

I still love science fiction with a passion,
Its wild potential fizzing in my head,
I’m sad to say, it’s always out of fashion -
But believe me, I could not be more “well read”!
Illuminatus
I don't know how a prisoner fits in a cell
how the matrix of justice gives energy
to the inner thoughts using mitochondria
the dentist never seems to smile
the chemist does not like fire wax
and politician does like logic
like the mathematician
I don't know how many planes a pilot flies
over the Atlantic 
aligned to the meridian
to the upper half of the hemisphere
at the top..a nipple
it was the hand of the child
and suckling of love
So we meet the lawyer
perusing the journal of a psychiatrist
who argues the existence of psychic energy
yet it seems the mist misses spirituality
and the ghostly scenes are unjust to conformity
so help him God
he has already lost the case
Here I am a feeble poet
playing with mind of logistic
creating planes and vertices
graphs of time in the fourth dimension
I fell in love yesterday but I feel it now
its time against matters
what matters against reality
as I write creativity rules logic
So here I am
applying ohms law on the smartphone
as long as electrons have kinetic energy
concentrated to diffuse for potential difference
it will light
this love that diffuses from this heart
if you re creative..create an electromagnetic spectrum
illuminate love
magnetise the unlike poles
choose the path of least resistance like electricity
and shine the sky
for NASA to study
for you re a universe
science dreams as fiction
Blood falls from the sky making everything you see red
Talons of alien creatures pick people up and throw them down to the earth dead
A wall of noise blasts the ear drums of every living creature to deafen them from thinking straight in the head
All is chaos as millions upon millions of people try to hide from this waking nightmare in their bed 
A black hole appears in the sky and stars can be seen but then ships that float come as the end of the world it seems for humans almost said
We see no alien bodies only the wrath of some ungodly function bound to see all life form die and with what we can defend I too ran and fled
Underground silos were the most of people with any knowledge came to with tales of lost ones and groups of men deciding what the next action could be but who can save us from something so strong and has lead us to act like rats underground starving with no bread.
This is a government party political broadcast from the labour party to show us how the conservatives will almost undoubtedly see poor people run with fear from the exoneration without money of great vast amounts should die or go north and live in a shed.
 Seraph! thy memory is to me
Like some enchanted far-off isle
In some tumultuous sea -
Some ocean vexed as it may be
With storms; but where, meanwhile,
Serenest skies continually
Just o'er that one bright island smile.
 
For 'mid the earnest cares and woes
That crowd around my earthly path,
(Sad path, alas, where grows
Not even one lonely rose!)
My soul at least a solace hath
In dreams of thee; and therein knows
An Eden of bland repose.

Axes 
After whose stroke the wood rings, 
And the echoes! 
Echoes traveling 
Off from the center like horses.
 

The sap 
Wells like tears, like the 
Water striving 
To re-establish its mirror 
Over the rock 

That drops and turns, 
A white skull, 
Eaten by weedy greens.
 
Years later I 
Encounter them on the road--- 

Words dry and riderless, 
The indefatigable hoof-taps.
 
While 
From the bottom of the pool, fixed stars 
Govern a life.

Science Not Magic
Eliminates All Tragic

Science is intriguing 
With such reliable sources 
Is it the physics and chemistry?
Or that of an electrostatic force?
Newton's law of motion 
Along with kinetic energy
We open our minds and learn
What a pleasant sight to see

Quickly and thoroughly as I possibly could
I scanned the pages in front of me.
The air, from the outset,
had been thick with dread, 
in this place it often was.
So intimate and close a witness was I
that I couldn't help but wonder
if I may be incidentally decapitated
while she was pointedly decapitated.
I might or might not have wondered
if we'd all be incidentally deafened
while she was pointedly deafened.
Strands of hair, torn from her head,
waited a moment for still
before settling, alarmed and trembling,
on her shoulders, 
and some on the floor.
I was so intimate and close a witness,
separated by no more
than half a tenuous yard,
and a hatred took root that day.
Quickly as I could, 
it may well have been too quickly, 
and thoroughly as I could,
which was not very thoroughly at all,
I scanned the pages in front of me
and wondered if I might be next.

