But don't worry, me and Avver are finally completing the buildings and even changing the clunky buildings that always bothered us but we never talked about but a lot of you never even noticed because all of you are so bad at building. Looking at you, Gun.

Heavy changes were made on Evergreen Manor for example.

A button for a full iron armor set. 1 Golden Apple for 3 stacks of bread? Who doesn't love this economic set-up.

The UNKNOWN [?] Trading Company's growth and economic prosperity has reached and made contact wit hthe Gravelands, allowing Company Members to have influence among its inhabitants. Well, the friendlier ones anyway.

An expansion of the New Markets has delayed it as the certain policy of the pet project has not anticipated so many people from different backgrounds and different.

5 Iron Armor Sets, 3 Diamond Swords are still in demand.

The Home Office has given orders to particulars and telling people to do certain stuff culminating in major maneuvers that were conducted last week.

Foreign Office provided the support necessary and the censorship essential to make sure things don't get published.

Alts are being offered to people without them to take part in Irishkaiser's pet project. The alts are safe and legitimate and they will be used to help give people a "home" in MineZ all in all to help facilitate the New Markets.

5 Iron Armor Sets, 3 Diamond Swords are still in demand.

As MineZ dies down in PvP, a better option is to replace war games with supply runs to help support the new markets growing elsewhere and help our economy. But fuck everyone else. Our mission is to destroy everyone else's economy.

About a thousand dollars acquired in two days. I AM NOT FUCKING JOKING. RULES OF NATURE. AND THEY RUN WHEN THE SUN COMES UP..!

The health potion, the Company's main currency denominator since 2012 has been officially abandoned and in its place buttons and other such tools shall take its place. The reason being that potions are a dime a dozen in this game and is even sold off as part of exported battle inventories that it doesn't make sense to accept them in the first place.

In its stead buttons are being used as they offer access to locked parts of the game.

The new base to help facilitate the new markets has been established but needs just a bit more resources. 5 Power II bows have been delivered, now all it needs is a couple of Iron Armor Sets and three more diamond swords. Glowstone supplies are also to be redirected to the new base.

In addition, in the future, if the resources in the new markets are met with demand, maybe a supply run shall replace the trade run every couple of weeks.

Where the pathetic distract the desperate for the mundane.

These will help us strongly connect our one belt one road.

You'll have your orders. Follow me then.



