ASPERMONT, WESTERLANDS- The Second Reigning Monarch of the UNKNOWN [?] Trading Company, Camisadoluvr celebrated her birthday on the 20th of November whose facebook was then proceeded to be spammed with things that didn't relate at all to the Monarch's birthday, in an elaborate joke that's supposed to be about "We don't remember your birthday." or something.

They were all executed the following day.

Dog Bless the UTC and all her institutions that a lot of youngings don't remember. Camisadoluvr was the chosen candidate next to Queen Aster of Svalbard and Norway, from the player Asterthemaster. Camisadoluvr was chosen as barely anyone remembers Aster and more people are familiar with and sympathize with Camisadoluvr.

ASPERMONT, WESTERLANDS- Irishkaiser survived another assassination attempt today after giving a speech on the 11th of November regarding the secret world of Shadowhall, awarding them for their service and implying credit for efforts that the UNKNOWN [?] Trading Company officially remains ambiguous and or outright denies.

Sources say the Foreign Office had no hand in it since he was praising them after all. Certainly, minister... We will try harder next time to ensure your security, as long as said minister complies with the requirements for us to execute your agendas, which we must stress needs you to be most discreet.

ASPERMONT, WESTERLANDS- Irishkaiser plans to implement a "visa" like system to help facilitate his pet project of establishing "new markets" in MineZ. This visa system will be completely separate from the Imperial Citizen system and therefore does not give Company Members or Regimentals privileges over them.

One has to apply for a "visa" to be able to participate in the New Markets being built under the auspices of the 1st Regiment "Westerlands", who will also function as Visa Officers and deciding who gets to have one or not.

Requirements will be kept a secret as each Visa Officer will review anyone who wants to participate.

WE PAPERS PLEASE NOW.

ASPERMONT, WESTERLANDS- After analysis of gains-to-effort ratio, the UNKNOWN [?] Trading Company has gained so much that it desires to convert the Spookyfest loot into credit from the people whom it helped rather than store it in their alts in the first place.

Certain experience was also gained in which the Foreign Office and the Home Office has acquired which is deemed most invaluable, especially by the Foreign Office. In addition to overt support, covert support was provided that tipped the scales and protected its clients, ensuring not only their success but the success of the UNKNOWN [?] Trading Company.

More senior Company Members begin throwing garbage on the streets of Aspermont filled with Spookyfest loot going like "What is this garbage" by returning mercenaries who shared it with them. They later proceeded to do productive things.

ASPERMONT, WESTERLANDS- The last highly profitable trade run has sparked an idea in one of the Directors who may find it contradicting with the current albeit modified We Will Bury Them policy. The strategy which has recently started to gain support beyond the UTC after Shotbow removed the Ender Eye and brought it back again.

The strategy of the We Will Bury Them Policy, was a response to a suicide scare early in the year and certain angry Directory members opted to "trap" all the terrible people in MineZ and then make them play the game forever, using the UNKNOWN [?] Trading Company's existence as the basis to make them stay. All whilst telling the good people to leave the game if they can or at the very least avoid the main Shotbow forum, reddit or community.

The strategy has had some success as certain people were reported to be more miserable than normal and stressing them out to make them "wallow in their own filth" for "choosing the wrong side". That and other certain UTC operations which are not at liberty to discuss.

The Director during last trade run has encountered what he terms as "New Markets" or pockets of players yet exposed to MineZ's power play politics. These players are all scattered, isolated and rather disconnected, giving Irishkaiser an idea.

This would in effect, for some, turn away from the We Will Bury Them Policy by making their stay in MineZ as enjoyable as we have each other instead of the standard "Nah, get the fuck outta here, man. This game's fucked, but you cool. Just warning you, bro."



